Use abstract factory when you have different sets of products related to each other. For instance grouped by a concept. 
Ex. UI elements that belongs to different OS systems. 

Windows OS UI elements look different from Mac OS UI elements. Say that you have a cross-platform application that will render 
the correct UI elements depending on the OS system. 

1. Declare an abstract factory class that has the task of creating the products. This abstract class has no Idea 
what concrete types of products it will return. 
2. Create concrete factory classes that will return specific products. 
2.a ConcreteWindowsFactory.cs 
    CreateWindowsButton() 
    CreateWindowsCheckbox()
    Return WindowsUI 
3. Create an abstract product class. 
    Abstract Button 
    Abstract Checkbox
4. Create concrete product classes that implements the abstract interface
5. The application (Client code) will create an instance of the abstract factory class and with some conditions 
create the correct UI elements through the abstract factory class. 


Calling order: 
1. Application calls --> 2. Abstract factory class (Interface) --> calls an concrete factory --> returns a concrete product.

Applicability: 
Use the Abstract Factory when your code needs to work with various families of related products, but you don't want it to depend 
on the concrete classes of those products -they might be unknown beforehand or you simply want to allow for future extensibility. 

The Abstract Factory provides you with an interface for creating objects from each class of the product family.
As long as your code creates objects via this interface, you don't have ti worry about creating the wrong variant of a product 
which doesn't match the products already created by your app. 

When to consider the Abstract Factory: 
When you have a class with a set of Factory Methods that blur its primary responsibility. 

In a well design program each class is responsible for one thing. When a class deals with multiple 
product types, it may be worth extracting its factory methods into a stand alone factory class or full blown abstract factory implementation.

Pros: 
- can be sure that the products you're getting from a factory are compatible with each other
- avoiding tight coupling between concrete products and client code. 
- Single Responsibility Principle. You can extract the product creation code into one place,
making the code easier to support. 
- Open/closed Principle. You can introduce new variants of products without breaking existing client code. 
